Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Happy Friday and good morning. Our top
stories today, stocks across the region
on track to break their longest winning
streak since January. That's as
uncertainty over the Feds. The policy
there curbs risk appetite. You have
Chinese equities actually set for their
best week since March on optimism over
trade and AI.
>> EU leaders call on China to open up its
market and address over capacity issues.
following a summit with Xi Jinping that
ended with little progress.
>> And Chinese policy makers and tech
executives are set to gather in Shanghai
to advance their push for global AI
leadership. Will preview the World AI
conference just ahead.
[Music]
Good morning once again. Thank you for
joining us. We're going into the open
today and it's been a good run the last
couple of weeks or so. In fact, they as
we were just pointing out their Chinese
stocks are still on track and we'll see
what Friday looks like for the best week
going back to March. Uh we are coming
off of course record highs as it
pertains to global stocks. We talked
about Singapore and now let's see it's
snapping its record win streak of 14
straight days. Um Nikki225 of course
given the last two days or so in the
rally there also money being taken off
the table although US futures as you can
see are now trading to the upside 64
6400 um currency markets nothing much to
tell you about here well two things one
is yeah the ECB decision roughly
generally uneventful wait and see was a
takeaway there we did hit though highs
on the euro against the I believe the
pound and the yen so just keep an eye on
those crosses dollar yen 147 weaker side
of that We did have Tokyo CPI coming in
slowing more than expected although it
is it does still remain above the the
sort of range of the BOJ target of the
BOJ. A look at the tense right now is a
rally across the 10ear y well 10ear
bonds as you can see 439
uh on the 10-year yield. will unpack the
story on the the the the Fed visit of
the US president, job security for now,
pressure and rates still and this
awkward back and forth on the on the
bill.
>> Yeah. And the amounts that uh the
construction and renovation was actually
including uh looking at going going into
the open today, some weakness coming
through here. A50 futures the down about
a half of one fifth of 1%. Also a
pullback in this almost red-hot metals
rally that we've seen recently in China.
We're now below the 800 level there on
iron ore.
>> Yeah, you know that emoji that was like
your the teeth are
you're like the lock were like
>> kind of looked like that.
>> That was like that that was the feeling
that I got when I watched that clip when
I woke up this morning
>> with the hard hats. with the hard hats
and everything, but it it goes to but
what we heard though was that
>> he did mention when it came to his job
and you know this whole what they call
flooding the zone, the strategy that
Donald Trump does, right? You you tack
in different angles and multiple sort of
things, right? When you have an
investigation, when you talk about
cutting interest rates,
>> you talk about fighting the successor,
all that, right? But at the end of the
day,
>> we heard from Trump almost back
backpedal a little bit about this whole
pursuit of getting rid of Powell. Yeah,
I think he he even got asked during that
awkward exchange. One of the reporters
who was in the background asked, "But
what would you do as someone who was in
construction property before to a
project manager who went over budget?"
And he said basically, I would fire
them, but that's not why we're here.
>> Yeah,
>> the Fed is doing a good job. The economy
is doing well. We'd still like them to
cut interest rates as well, right? So,
this almost this pivot from that blitz
strategy, but giving us a reminder
really of maybe some of the outstanding
items on that agenda. Look at that.
There we go. The White Hat. Okay. Uh
let's in fact let's have a look at that
exchange and the highlights of course
from from that that that ocular and that
wrecky
>> to do that is a big move and I just
don't think it's necessary and I believe
that he's going to do the right thing.
>> I believe that the chairman is going to
do the right thing. I mean it may be a
little too late as the expression goes
but I believe he's going to do the right
thing. Well, I'd love him to lower
interest rates, but other than that,
what can I tell you? Uh, the country is
doing really well. I just briefed the
chairman on the deal we made with Japan.
Japan is putting up $550 billion in
order to lower their tariffs a little
bit.
>> Yeah. And you know, as we were just
pointing out there, it doesn't seem like
we are in a world when you look at the
stock market itself, right? It doesn't
seem we're in a world where interest
rates are still high. We don't have hot
wars going on. you know, have these
trade negotiations which we don't know
in what form they're going to end up in,
but yeah, global stocks continuing to to
rally this week quite quite quite
strongly.
>> It's interesting. Deutsche had a very
interesting note about margin debt in
the US, right? The amount of money
people are actually borrowing to buy
stocks and they're saying that's
actually in some metrics reached highs
that we haven't seen since the tech
bubble.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that is maybe sending some alarm
signals out there about overall the
credit markets as well, particularly
when it comes to US high yield. there is
a correlation once that does the margin
deck picks up spreads are going to widen
as well. So is are are there certain
sort of red flags we need to start
spotting now in this kind of as you say
overheated markets that we're seeing in
stocks in particular
>> amidst really an absence of obvious red
flags I think right and Brandy Wine of
course will be joining us next time this
time the next hour to talk us through
what potentially might be those sort of
your your canaries in the coal mine at
this point in time the other bit of of
equity universe that we're tracking as
well obviously is China Msei China best
weekend since March uh we're looking
also at and we're going to show you some
of the graphics a bit later on as well
some of the overheating signals as well
in this part of the world with Shanahan
Composite 3,600 on that. Mark Cranfield
with is with us right now out of
Singapore to talk us through the key
themes of this week as we go into the
weekend. Mark and is there I don't know
how are you thinking about the equity
market rally at this at this point?
>> Well, I'm I'm with Ivonne. There's red
flags everywhere but nobody nobody's
looking at them.
I mean this is it's an extraordinary uh
performance and it's defying I mean a
lot of I funny enough I've been I've
been speaking to a fund manager quite
regularly this year and our conversation
at the end of the week nearly always
ends at well next week is going to be
the down week for equities in America
and it it just doesn't happen. So I
don't know when that is going to be. Um
maybe maybe it'll be next week's Fed
meeting. Let's see if Donald Trump is in
such a good mood after the Federal
Reserve leave rates unchanged next week
and probably don't sound very doubbish
either. They'll considering the the
strength of it's that the equity market
is telling you as pretty much as Donald
Trump just said there in that piece,
American economy is doing extremely
well. American companies you look at
some of the results this week for the
tech companies excluding Tesla results
have been very good. We've got big ones
coming up next week. got Microsoft,
Apple, Amazon again likely to produce
very good numbers and even the banks as
well have been knocking it out the park
as well. So American companies making
loads of money. The stock market is at
record highs. It doesn't give any
indication at all that America needs an
interest rate cut and that is likely to
be the message that comes out of the the
Federal Reserve next week and it may
well be that they'll try and play down
expectations for any cuts uh in the the
rest of the year. So that might not go
down quite so well with President Trump
next week.
>> You've been talking a lot about Japan. I
mean, it seems like we're seeing a bit
of a breakout in this equity market once
again, Mark. How are you looking at
flows right now into this equity market?
And really, how sustainable are they?
>> Well, the the foreigners really they
must be so happy because the they've
been very patient. The since the the
markets went into a tail spin in April,
foreign net inflows in Japan have been
consistent. Week after week, there's
been new money coming in from France.
And yet, Japanese equities weren't
really going anywhere until this week
when they finally got the trade deal
with the United States. Japanese stocks
have taken off. The topics index at the
moment is on course for its best week of
the year. If it stays around where it is
now, even though it's down slightly
today, it's going to post its best week
of the year. And finally, all that
patience is paying off. And yet Japanese
equities are still way behind the
performance of Hong Kong and Korea in
the first half of the year. It's also
way behind the there's a broad Bloomberg
Asia-Pacific index which is up about 13%
year-to- date. Topics is only up about
6%. So the the catchup potential over
the next few months is still very good.
The yen is relatively weak. So that's
helpful for for Japanese exporters.
They've got a good deal with the United
States. No matter what Korea deal they
get, they probably can't beat Japan's
anyway. Europe probably can't beat it
either. So, Japan is in a good position
here to attract more money. Japanese
interest rates will probably go up at
some stage in the second half of the
year, but we're talking about 0.25 on
top of 0.5. So, it's not as if it's
really going to hold back the Japanese
economy when your final rate is still
way below 1%. So at the moment, Japanese
equities are in a pretty good space.
>> Mark, thank you. Have a great weekend.
I'm Mark Ran there joining us from M
Live in Singapore. In terms of your
agenda here today, of course, we're
going to continue on and track this
China stocks rally as well. As Dave
mentioned, the best week since March, uh
when it comes to what we're seeing in
China, overbought signals, which we'll
talk about a little bit. Turnover
certainly is one of those indicators of
just how quickly and that momentum is
really picking up, especially in the
Asshare market this week as well.
sectors include autos. Uh, also we had
car sales numbers, insect repellent
stocks, Dave, there's been a lot of I
guess there's a new sort of virus that's
spreading.
>> There's a Yeah, this in China.
>> So, we had a rally yesterday and this
really brings to mind what's taking
place somewhere near of course here in
Hong Kong uh in the Guangong province in
Fan. Um, so it's the the city's recorded
3,200 cases of I'm going to try and
pronounce this uh Chikunuya
uh which is the biggest outbreak of
mosquito born virus since it first
emerged in the mainland nearly two
decades ago. So well we'll continue to
track obviously what's going on health
healthwise and of course whether or not
we do see that reaction.
>> Okay. So so that's in particular and
then we're watching the likes of GD.com.
There's this sort of uh plans to look at
this acquisition in Germany. Uh also
Prada right we saw what LVMH sales did
and really you're starting to see the
slumps in demand out of Japan out of
China as well. So maybe we'll see a bit
of spill over there and earnings, right?
We're still talking about some key sort
of ones to watch out for too.
>> East Rock Beverage, Western Mining are
coming out scheduled to come out with
earnings later today. As Ivon is
pointing out, we are looking at some
overbought signals. So turnover is one
well not part of that, but turnover
market activity. Uh Ivon and I were just
talking right before the show. Margin
debts actually starting to pick up on
shore and 14-day relative strength index
on the key metric 70 indicates typically
overbought and as you can see to varying
levels above that. Shanghai comp has now
an 82 handle uh on its 14-day RS.
>> All right, let's bring in James Wang,
head of China Equities, uh joining us
from UBS Global Research, head of China
Strategy. Are things looking a bit too
stretched now?
>> Um so we're still positive on the equity
market. Um certainly from a valuation
perspective, it's trading an absolute
level. We're trading close to historical
average. So not as cheap as it was
before, but relative to global markets,
every other market has was soaring. So
relative to everything else, M Mse China
is still training one stand deviation
cheap. So I think relatively speaking um
China is still looking good value.
>> Uh and I think right now yes the macro
fundamentals are not looking great. So
if we look at property sales it's
decelerating. Uh if we look at company
earnings it's not great. uh but I think
sentiment has definitely improved on the
ground in China as well as globally
because I think people do see that some
of the biggest worries for example
systemic risks associated with the
property market u even geopolitics China
does have its own bargaining tools and
in terms of regulations some of the
backlash against internet after school
children it looks like you know we're
repairing that so I think definitely
market can see a flaw uh to the equity
market and and also you can see
unprecedented support from the
government for the equity market. You
know, we've got the national team
buying. So, we've got a flaw here. Um,
and I think that's why the market has
become a lot more buoyant. But in the
near term, we do see, particularly in
the second quarter earnings, some
downside risk because particularly for
Hong Kong, we do see something like a 4%
earnings downgrade potential based on
analysts forecast. That's a lot of that
to do with food delivery where the
competition has been very intense. So to
the extent we do get a bit of a earnings
revision historically that's been
negative for equity markets. So we may
see a bit of a breather on the equity
market but to me the overall direction
remains positive.
>> Talk to us a little bit more about that
in terms of because we are going into
the thick of earning season. So we're
watching out for food delivery as you
point out. What other areas as well?
>> So autos in the second quarter uh in
particular there's been some uh
competition now that's been pulled back
uh f since first of first of July but
that could still be issue. Yeah. And if
you look at industrial profit that's
being reported by this Bureau of
Statistics,
>> earnings were down 10% in May. So that,
you know, the negative PPI, that
deflation pressure, that's still real.
So to me, uh, that's the biggest risk.
And, and Hong Kong, because it's very
institutional, it's a bit more sensitive
compared to Asshare where it's a bit
more retail driven, more thematic. So
Hong Kong probably has more risks uh
associated with the earning season. Um,
so that's uh what that's where I think
the some of the risks will be. you you
had you came out with a report just a
few days ago about this eight share
rally right and what's different this
time I mean obviously everyone's been
talking about these southbound flows
>> what's changed do you think
>> yeah I'd say that um so definitely
southbound flow has been very important
so we've gone from so in 2021 southbound
made up 5% of market cap they've now now
doubled to more than 10% of market cap
over 20% of trading volume so you can
say there's a bit of aization so to the
extent where stocks have a very high
southbound participation. Their share
price correlation is very high versus
southbound. So trades closer to onshore.
So to me that bits changed and also I'd
say onshore investors are less sensitive
to to geopolitics. So you can see in the
Hong Kong market it's also becoming a
bit more sensitized desensitized. So for
example uh in 2018 we looked at the
share price performance with each tariff
that's being announced the market was
down each time about 2 to 3%. And that
loss was those losses held there for the
next 10 days
>> whereas this time was down maybe a bit
over 1% on day one
>> but it quickly caught its way back. So I
think that's where that asization uh is
really having impact on the on the Hong
Kong equity market. So the swing the
swing buyer is it accurate to say are
mainland investors and the other part to
that question is are we getting are you
getting any indication that there's also
foreign participation in this Hong Kong
rally
>> for sure for sure. So we've seen um
based on our data so for MSEI China in
particular that's the major indices we
have seen uh investors adding back into
China and I was in Europe uh in Asia
marketing in June and certainly we've
seen a lot of EM investors uh adding
back into China. Previously they would
be underweight. Now they are neutral.
What we haven't seen is global mandated
investors uh putting their uh money back
into China. So we haven't seen a lot of
inflows into EM just yet. But definitely
foreign investors interest is definitely
picked up. So my marketing meetings when
I was in Europe um was very well was
where I attended and um the meetings
were quite full. So yeah definitely
interest is there.
>> Okay. Yeah we'll we'll pick up on that
note. Uh certainly a lot more indicators
there. will have a sense of what James
Wang in the meeting was like there uh in
in in Europe. uh recently head of China
strategy will be rejoining us of course
out of UBS Global Research here uh 60
minutes uh after the the strike of nine
on your clocks right now which means
we're about under 15 minutes away from
the opening bell the final session of
the week just ahead weakness coming
through ahead of the open here 14
minutes away in Shanghai Shenzhen and
here in Hong Kong this is the China Go.
[Music]
Well, European Commission President
Ursula Vanderlayan has called on China
to open up its market and rectify over
capacity issues as a one-day summit in
Beijing closed with minimal progress. As
our cooperation has deepened, so have
the imbalances.
We have reached an inflection point.
Rebalancing our bilateral relation is
essential
because to be sustainable,
the relations need to be mutually
beneficial.
>> Let's bring in our China correspondent
Mman Low to track. You know, we were
expecting not much from this summit. Um
but it seems like this trade imbalance
was still a major point of contention
between the two sides.
>> Yes, the two sides did agree on a few
small areas of agreement. So they agreed
to uh come up with a mechanism to
address the bottlenecks when it comes to
the export licenses for rare earths and
China also agreed to ensure reciprocity
when it comes to um uh when it when it
comes to the the restriction trade
restrict uh the restrictions when it
comes to public procurement contracts.
But yes, the trade surplus that we have
seen so far this year has already
reached a record high in the first half
of the year. So it continues to be a
major point of contention and Ursula
Wonderion essentially is saying that the
EU cannot maintain the same level of
openness if China doesn't address issues
of over capacity um and if it doesn't
end the what it's calling unjustified
retaliatory moves like the investigation
into EU brandy, pork and dairy. But
meanwhile, presidency also calling for
the EU to open up its market and it its
uh trade investment space as well. Um
and calling on the EU to create a more
friendly environment for Chinese
businesses. So again, you know, does
this mean that both sides are going to
dial down some of the export controls
and perhaps lower tariffs and Chinese
EVs? There hasn't been any um indication
of that. So still very little progress
on a trade front.
>> Where did we see progress though? So one
of the few areas the two sides had
agreed on is climate change. So both
side had signed this new climate change
declaration coming up with um updated
climate plans ahead of the COP 30 summit
which is one area of symbolic
cooperation between the two sides given
that the US has pulled out of the Paris
climate change agreement. So that's one
area where where there is some level of
agreement. But again, there's the other
big complaint from the EU, which is
China's support of Moscow, at least
diplomatically. And this is where China,
you know, the EU is pushing China for
more um for it to do more, to place more
leverage on more pressure on Russia to
end that war, but not much of a
commitment from China. China is still
saying that it would like to see a
political settlement to this conflict,
but not a lot of concrete actions on its
part.
>> Right. Minman, thank you so much. Menlo
there on the latest where progress was
observed and where probably we need to
be paying more attention to as far as
what the future might hold. Okay. Uh
very quickly before we go into the the
break here about 8 minutes away just to
mention as well this seems to be like a
a fairly large injection of liquidity
out of the PBOC. Uh we're looking at
about 600
billion which rem I'll get get you more
context on that in a moment. To be more
exact, you're injecting a net 601.8 8
billion remmbb that's by open market
operations. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg,
[Music]
right? Welcome back. Kind of looks like
my
exam marks in in high school. So, I was
lackluster at best. 14-day RSI here on
the major benchmarks going into the up.
Suffice to say, the rally's gone uh
quite quite rapid uh in recent days.
3,600 on the Shanghai Composite. Uh but
then again, you know, you know, other
indicators of this awakening maybe
onshore, we're looking at margin debt,
for example, we were talking about this,
Ivon, right? We are very near eclipsing
the recent high. It might take us all
the way back to what 2014 levels on this
one.
>> Oh, yeah. You remember what happened
then, right? um we saw
>> um but yeah, April Ma from the the stock
socks team has been watching very
closely, right? So they're talking about
this outstanding balance has reached
more than 10% of daily turnover now when
it comes to margin debt. So over the
past 5 years, that much leverage buying
usually signaled near-term peaks for the
CSI 300 and Shanghai Composite. So some
warning signs there that maybe things
are looking a little bit too hot. Maybe
that's why you're seeing a bit of that
pullback here in Hong Kong today. We are
down by about half of 1%. HS Techch is
on offer. H shares also down about 41
points. Um and a 715 handle for dollar
China here today. So we're watching very
closely into the stocks to watch. The
tech sector obviously still has been
that you know the big key thing here. JD
coming through in talks to buy Germany's
economy. I think that's how you say it.
Uh this is a a retailer or I think
groceries I think they're talking about.
So certainly uh what does this mean in
terms of the whole kind of e-commerce
space as well but the stock is lower by
about 1% today.
>> Yeah. Uh other things we're tracking as
well see Vucci Bio Jaoin mining on the
back of I think when you look at gold
for example and separately of course
there's a there's been a an incident uh
this week we'll talk more about that.
Net income on IMAX itself we're up to
give or take about first half just
called 24 uh million uh US dollars. In
terms of cash calls as well, OSL863 Hong
Kong, we'll talk more about this on the
other side of this break. Uh we're
looking at a 11% drop on the shares cash
call out of the company. We might
actually have someone from the company
joining us later on the show to talk us
through this. The open is next.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. Happy Friday
to all of you joining us from across the
region. And if you're joining us out in
the United States, good evening to you.
Uh going into the open today, so we've
seen quite a decent run up across equity
markets. Currencies have been quiet,
even more so fixed income with the move
index actually now closing in, I think,
on three-ear lows. Equities record
highs. And as you can see, we are uh
trading sideways, consolidating ahead of
the open here in greater China.
>> Yeah, maybe a bit of profit taking after
what has been a pretty interesting run,
right? When it comes to global equities,
China in particular, we were talking
about some of those warning signs like
margin debt that's picking up here right
now. Maybe some telling sort of signals
there of maybe a little bit of
consolidation as Dave mentioned but you
know as as James Wubas just talked about
right earning season focus on maybe
those downgrades particularly when it
comes to the food delivery sector this
rebound in highore also might actually
be a bit of potential headwind for Hong
Kong stocks but still they're leaning
towards uh a still positive on the
market overall. CSI 300 is doing this
here right now basically flat or
unchanged slightly to the downside as
you may call it though. Um but uh Morgan
Stanley had a pretty interesting note
about this whole anti-involution theme.
Laura Wang and her team saying this does
lift sentiment when it comes to the
ashare market as well. So certainly one
to watch because she says you know it's
very clear now the signals and from
policy from the top down. So certainly
that's one thing to watch. Obviously we
got to talk about what goes on when it
comes to commodities given the hot run
that we've seen in the rally in some of
these ones like iron ore that's coming
off too. So see a bit of consolidation
there. Dianium futures are down about
one and a half% here. Copper's as well.
Steel though still catching a slight bit
here this morning. And we're watching
very closely what's been going on the
30-year bond yield as well. It looks
like we're flat right now, but we did
see about six or seven days where those
yields were actually picking up uh there
on the long end. Flip the boards and
talk about Hong Kong here in particular.
Uh you know, obviously we've been
talking about highore and the like here,
watching the property space and what
that means. Hong Kong dollar still on
the week's end of side of things. We're
talking about a 715 level for dollar
China here this morning. But yeah,
stocks are basically selling off. Let's
see a bit of a pullback here in the tech
space today. We're down about 3/4ers of
1%. JD.com, that's the one to watch
here. Uh they are in talks to acquire
this German company economy there. The
shares are down about 1.2%. Uh RBI was
saying there's a way maybe possibly if
we this goes through they could narrow
that gap with some of the big retailers
out there as well. So certainly one to
watch. 10 cent, bu and Alibaba are lower
here this morning. There is a big AI
conference in Shanghai to tell you about
too. We'll give you a preview with Bell
coming up as well. What to look out for,
right? I think investors right now after
the whole Deep Seek movement. They're
looking for that next breakthrough when
it comes to AI in China. Xiaomi is also
down about 7/10en of 1%. Take a look at
some of the movers that we're watching
out for. Lithium stocks. There was a
massive rally that we saw in some of
these lithium stocks. Looks like we're
seeing other day of that. We're up about
2.6% 6% for TNI lithium in particular.
Dawa coming up with a note though saying
that what we're seeing in this market
speculation that's related to the
long-term shutdown of major projects
unreasonable they're saying right now
but looks like we're still seeing a day
of pretty heavy buy there. In terms of
insect repellent stocks, we talked about
this outbreak or what we're seeing in
terms of this virus that is uh mosquito
born or and so what we're seeing in
Fosan, they reported I think close to
3,200 cases.
>> Yeah.
>> Of chunga if I can say it right. I don't
hope I'm not butchering butchering it.
Um but yes, it's the biggest outbreak of
this virus that we're seeing in China
right now. So mixed picture, but you're
seeing some of them actually up about
10% of Changdu Rainbow Appliance this
morning. OSL, this is the one to watch
here as well. We're seeing the shares
falling about 8 and a half% here right
now. So they did an equity financing.
They secured the $300 million for
digital asset infrastructure growth.
We're actually be talking to the CFO
Dave pretty soon.
>> Yes, we will. In fact, uh Ivan Wong, as
Ivon was just pointing out there, will
be joining us exclusively in a couple of
minutes here around uh this time in the
next hour to really discuss well for one
obviously the cash call that we're
seeing right now, why they did it, what
they plan to do with the money. Uh
there's a stable coin conversation to be
had that has engulfed large pockets of
the Hong Kong investor space. We'll talk
more about that as well uh with them
coming through here in Hong Kong this
time in the next hour. Right. Um as we
go into the open today and as Ivan is
pointing out, it's a day of
consolidation. We're trading sideways if
not lower. CI 34144
there. for some final thoughts on what
else to watch moving forward. James Wong
is still here with us, head of China
Strategy at UBS Global Research. James,
I want to get your thoughts on a sector
that everyone's been going gaga about.
Uh high dividend place in in in mainland
China.
>> Um is there still room for that to run?
And at what point does the dividend then
go away because people are just chasing
this price all the way up?
>> I think there's still a way to go. Uh so
we've got this barbell strategy. Um and
so one of the reasons why the dividend
names have done really well is because
their counterpart is the government bond
yield. The government bond yield is
sitting at 1.6 1.7%. And the investors
that are buying it are predominantly
insurance companies. So insurance
companies need to earn an interest rate
interest rate differential on their
liability side. They're guaranteeing at
2 and a half% but the assets can only
yield 1.6. So what can they do? They got
to invest in some high dividend names to
in to increase their or to improve their
earnings. And so I I and if you look at
insurance companies premium that's
continued to grow at 10% clip. And so I
I can still see increased inflows from
insurance companies as well as increased
allocation into equities because there's
less alternative uh for these investors.
And
>> that's what money was said yesterday
from BFA right that these asset managers
and insurers are willing to take these
stocks right when the dividend yield
gets to maybe 2% and price to book gets
close to one.
>> Yeah.
>> That's the threshold I guess and this
pain trade could continue for some time.
Yeah. or or unless these these companies
earnings start to decline. So if you
look at the major banks, right? So they
their earnings have been broadly flat um
or last year they still grew but if the
earnings start to fall then all of a
sudden you clipping five to 6% but your
earnings four five four 5% then you
don't get that total gain. So to me
earnings are still important. You still
have have you still have to have some
stability earnings. Are there any red
flags though with earnings from the
major banks? Because I I can see
>> the argument of thinner margins because
of to the other point you're making
right lower rates. But
>> you know the counterpart of those
dividends is the central government.
Yeah. As well, right? So there is an
incentive to keep those dividends going
too.
>> Correct. So because you've got the
Ministry of Finance that's injecting
money into the major banks, first
quarter earnings for the major banks
actually down 4%. Um they been still
being resilient. So the consensus for
the banks earnings to stay flat.
>> Okay. Um, so to the extent they don't
deliver on that, I see some potential
downside.
>> Um, I want to get your take on so the
barbell strategy, right? One side is
financials, the other side is tech.
Yeah.
>> How do I still position around tech now?
>> Uh, so we so obviously we're staying
away from food delivery, but there's
still some of the major internet
platforms. Uh, they're they're delving
into AI. Uh, they're still training
their models and we've got the H20 ban
just being lifted. So I think sentiment
can still start to improve. Now we
haven't had that deep sea moment for
quite some time. So AI trade has cooled
off quite a bit in recent times, but I
still think uh you know China is
developing really quickly in AI. We just
need that catalyst to for people to
refocus on those stocks again. And one
of the reasons why those AI names are
run so hard in in Hong Kong at the
beginning of the year is this valuation
gap versus the US peers. But that
valuation gap has widened because US
market has roared, particularly those
tech names. So to me, I think the
ingredients are there still for the tech
names to do well. or we just need that
trigger. Maybe it's the new deep seat
moment or maybe people find a way to
somehow monetize AI.
>> Yeah,
>> we haven't really talked about I think
to some extent anti-involution because
you mentioned food delivery, right? But
what which sectors are likely to start
reflecting
>> the the you know government encouraging
you know stop stop killing yourselves
over over price wars.
>> It's been pretty wide ranging to be
honest. We've seen quite a few different
sectors. So we've seen it in in the food
delivery business. Um uh we've also seen
so for example production curbs uh in
coal in coal mining.
>> Okay.
>> And we've seen uh for example putting a
cap or a floor on prices in solar uh and
some also a flaw on prices for hog
business. Right? So you can see it's
happening in various different
industries. Now um we do get asked by
investors quite a bit on how do we
compare to 2015 because we had a supply
side reform in 2015. But the biggest
difference is back then it's the S so S
so S so S so S so S so S so S so S so S
soE it's the upstreaming uh companies
that were seeing excess supply and back
then it was quite easy for the
government to say you're an SOE you need
you need to listen to me you need to cut
your production but this time a lot of
is mistream it's uh you know it's
private businesses they have their own
incentives it's harder to for the
government to just mandate a production
curb so I' I'd say that uh for for us
the jury is still a bit out on you know
how that actually pans out for the for
the um uh uh production cuts and uh
sorry
>> for you know let's say let's say in EVs
for example the earnings start to
improve
>> yeah I think for third quarter we pro
probably should see EVs start to improve
because we have seen some of the
discounts being taken away post the 1 of
July but for some of the others we may
see some improving earnings but nowhere
near the the kind of improvement that
we've seen uh in uh in 2015
>> and why not food delivery though I mean
there's such a big push why is food
delivery still seem to be a negative
because I I feel that food delivery it's
the the incentive or the the reason
behind it is not to do with it's more to
do with protecting small businesses
right small businesses because of this
uh price war they also have to subsidize
the subsidies right or they have to pay
some of the subsidies
>> um so protecting thememes I think that
was the the mo the most important motive
behind it whereas for the for the other
sectors is to you know ensure prices
stabilize from where they are
>> James fantastic thank Thank you so much.
Nice to see you. We'll see you again
soon. James Wong there, head of China
Strategy at UBS Global Research. Okay.
Uh, a couple of things to note as we
were just having the conversation.
Number one is Country Garden and we have
this scoop that's now just out. And so,
uh, we understand that the company has
agreed to some key restructuring asks,
uh, from a group of bank creditors. They
have demanded that. That's according to
our sources. Now the company will be
paying the banks about $180 million in
compensation for the return of seized
capital. Uh but this seems to be again
to the point I was just perhaps not
making clearly and I apologize for that
that they uh this seems to be uh a
positive because this now clears the way
perhaps for uh more cash flow coming in
here. I'm not sure if anything stood out
to you Ivon on this so far. um not too
much but you know certainly it seems
like things are progressing I guess in
terms of this whole kataka we haven't
really talked about country garden yeah
kind of for a very long time now so
we're trying to refresh our memories a
little bit but certainly um you know at
least this maybe gives a bit more
clarity on what this looks like in the
coming days or weeks we'll continue to
watch that one I'm also checking these
lines happening from Thailand now
>> okay
>> so the Thailand army is saying that
clashes with Cambodia continue for a
second today and this is what we've been
tracking these sort of border clash
disputes. Uh a Thai F-16 fighter jets
struck those military sites in Cambodia.
Um as we start to see this sort of erupt
once again, right? And these fresh
clashes that have killed at least 14
people. We have seen the Thai bot
actually come off some of the the
strength that we've seen of those
three-year highs of late because of this
issue.
>> Yeah. Yeah. The currency reacted
yesterday when this started and as Ivon
is pointing out, it's day two of this.
Vietnam, the latest one to come out and
urging restraint on both sides. We also
understand out of AFP a few hours ago
that the UN Security Council will be
meeting on these clashes. No time
specifically was given, but yeah, we'll
uh keep you guys updated uh once we do
have more information on
>> it. It is the worst border violence
we've seen in about 14 years, right? So,
we're watching this, but yes, there's
there's conflict basically in it's
spread out six locations along that
frontier. So certainly that's one thing
to watch uh right now. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Welcome back. China's most
important annual AI summit begins in
Shanghai tomorrow. It's the World
Artificial Intelligence Conference or
WIC is devised to showcase the country's
tech advancements and attendance may
actually set a record this year.
>> Let's get to our Asia tech correspondent
Annabelle Drillers. She will be there
for us and joins us with what to expect,
right? So, everyone's hoping for some
news, some breakthroughs. You know, it's
been a while since we've seen anything
since Deep Seek. I guess
>> that's true.
>> What are we expecting?
>> Yeah, probably not a second reasoning
model to be released from Deep Seek.
probably can temper our expectations on
that front. But but I think to your
point around what we're expecting, it is
just a very sort of stared appearance. I
mean, we've got Premier Lee Chung for
instance, who's opening the the the
conference tomorrow morning. And in
terms of the the attendees or who's
going to be speaking there as well, I
mean, you've got the big names like
Tencent for instance, Alibaba, Bite
Dance, but then also some of the more
lesserk known names or the ones that are
really emerging. So the speakers include
the Miniax founder, the stepf fun chief
scientist. These are some of the AI
names that really rose to prominence
this year. Uh this event as you said
it's really about sort of showcasing the
latest cutting edge technology from
China in the past. We've seen it
attracting the likes of Jack Mah for
instance, Elon Musk, those who actually
did a panel together just a few years
ago.
>> I remember that.
>> Yes, exactly. So
>> it's quite fiery. I remember
>> it was. But what else we're going to be
watching for is just the sheer number of
of humanoids that are going to be on
stage as well because I mean the
companies I'm speaking to that are going
to be there, Uni Tree, Engine AI, Foria,
UB Techch, I mean Agibbot, there's a lot
of names on the list. Venture
capitalists as well. That's going to be
an interesting one because we're really
starting to see more energy and more
funding going into this space. Be
interesting to see as well who's raising
new new funds and and where are they
going to put putting that money to work?
>> Any other big companies we should be
focusing on? Any global names? global
names, not as much. I mean, it's said
Elon Musk has been there in the past.
They showcased actually some of their
own humanoid robot technology last year,
but it doesn't appear they'll be there
this year. In terms of sort of the
international well-known speakers, uh
there's also Jeffrey Hinton, who's
sometimes known as or is known as the
godfather of AI. He's also in attendance
as well. I mean, you're kind of unlikely
to spot US companies because it's
reached a point really where if you're a
US company or you're a China company,
you're almost trying to be avoiding sort
of getting caught in any sort of
geopolitical tensions. What will be
interesting as well is is sort of the
shift or or the the the play that that
China is making now to really increase
its its international recognition for
its AI technology. Because among the
panels that we've got for instance
there's one called a highlevel meeting
on global AI governance and that really
speaks to the broader competition
between Washington and Beijing. It's not
just about infrastructure. It's about
also dominating the standards and the
governance of AI as well.
>> All right. I I'm looking forward to the
standups with the the robots. Yeah,
>> there's going to be a lot. I'm very very
excited for this one. Yeah, definitely
the biggest one of the year for AI.
>> Bel great stuff. Annabelle Jeweler is
there. She's heading to Shanghai. uh
pretty soon. Some other stories that
we're tracking today, the Financial
Times is reporting that at least $1
billion worth of Nvidia's top AI chips
made it into China in just three months
despite US export bans. Now, citing
sales contracts, uh company filings and
sources, the FT says Chinese
distributors sold restrictive processors
through a black market channel.
Washington has since reapproved sales of
Nvidia's H20 chips, which performs below
the restricted B200. LVMH sales fell in
the second quarter as demand slumped in
Japan and China. Revenue at its key
fashion and leather goods division
tumbled 9% which was worse than analysts
expected. First half profits slipped 15%
and shares are down nearly 30% over the
past year. Still, portfolio managers say
LVMH is better positioned than rivals to
weather the slowdown. Chinese e-commerce
firm JD.com is advanced is in advanced
talks to acquire Seconomy.
here in a deal that could value the
German electronics retailer at $2.6
billion. Now, shares of economy soared
after it confirmed Bloomberg reporting
on the talks. The offer price represents
a 23% premium to its Wednesday close.
>> Right. Uh Samsung says it welcomes
competition in the photoable phone
category as the electronics giant awaits
an entry from its rival of course Apple.
We spoke exclusively with a president
and mobile experience COO at their Suon
headquarters about their latest devices
and the impact of tariff threats on
their supply chains.
>> You know rather than focusing on uh
competition I think we are have been
focusing on our consumers uh what are
the experience that we can uh bring to
the consumers and how complete they are.
So we've been focusing on those and uh I
think um healthy competition with uh
other uh companies uh I think uh will
bring more innovations and then bring
more benefits to consumers. So we are
welcoming uh um kind of others to join
this category which we created back in
2019. When we see the pressure on
Samsung semiconductors and we see the
success in mobile, does that change your
thinking about how heavy your shoulders
are at this point? No, I mean our
pressure has been there for all the
time, right? Nothing has changed and uh
I think there is a you know um I think
one of the Samsung is one of the
companies who has every aspects of this
supply chain not only from I mean not
only from the components to all the way
to the devices and also application and
services. So we believe there will be a
big synergy we can we can have across
all these uh different business units
and we'll continue to kind of uh utilize
this uh this uh complete ecosystem that
we have.
>> Let's talk a little bit about the tariff
concerns around the world because
President Trump says that potentially
there could be a 25% tariff on Samsung
phones not produced in the United
States. How are you preparing for that?
Ah very good question and tough one. Um
so Samsung uh has long uh established
multiple manufacturing uh facilities in
key regions uh around the world. Uh that
kind of gives us a flexibility in
dealing with or responding to any
changes in other countries kind of trade
policies not just US. So we have
established that kind of a flexible
system and you know in regard to this uh
potential tariff by the new US
government uh administration
um there are a lot of still
uncertainties
>> we have seen that deal that at least
brings down the threats of tariffs from
more than 40% to 20% for Vietnam which
is a huge manu manufacturing base for
Samsung. How do you see the developments
and how much of a benefit could that be
or does it still hurt because it's still
higher than it was originally an average
3%. that this new tariff uh tariff uh
policies obviously are very challenging
to us in terms of business and and um
the me uh about the Vietnam um obviously
the lower the better but also as I
mentioned we do have a multiple
locations multiple manufacturing
capabilities and then over the past few
months um we've been working very hard
to make sure the products that are bound
to US can be manufactured in any of the
location not any but in multiple
locations so depending on so we looking
at the Venom but also we looking at
Korea India I mean what what will the
final tariffs so as I mentioned we're
going to just optim do a lot of
optimization according to the final
numbers but the lower the better
>> is that easy to adjust production
>> um that we have been working very hard
to make sure
Once you make that decision that can
that can happen really quick. So we
we've been doing a lot of preparation.
>> Yeah, that was our colleague of course
Sherry an with a president and mobile
experience CEO of Samsung there of
course at their very fancy mobile phone
showroom I believe at their Suan asset.
Right. Uh plenty more ahead here on the
shows. We'll get you an update of
markets shortly. Beautiful look at Hong
Kong this morning. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh we're looking at solar
stocks. Cities out with a note here that
the pricing law and the amendment there
will be positive for the sector. Not
much reaction. uh so far on your
screens. This was of course has been a
very a concentrated area of focus of
late. Uh let's look at shares of this uh
Bolab stock
here that is debuting and quite a
substantial move to the upside here.
>> Yeah. So first day of trading looking
really good here. This IPO was priced at
the top end of its marketed range,
right? So, uh, we're talking about 76
bucks here right now for the stock, uh,
with that IPO price of $35 really and
raising 1.3 billion Hong Kong dollars.
But yes, it's this whole biotech sort of
theme still very much hot hot hot right
now.
>> It is this is the intersection of that
theme and also the fundraising
environment, IPO, share sale here in
Hong Kong and OSL down about was down as
much as 11% at one point. Share sale
there. In fact, from the company, the
CFO joins us as well in the next hour.
Also joining us is Brandy Wine Global to
talk us through all things fixed income.
The second hour of the China show is
just ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI a half hour into the
session here as we wrap up a trading
week which has been pretty good, right?
We're still talking about we're heading
into one of the best weeks since March
for Msei China here. And that's why
maybe perhaps we are seeing a little bit
of consolidation here. We're 610 of 1%
to the downside for eight shares this
morning. But you know the when you talk
about China equities here right now, I
think overall sentiment is pretty good,
right? You have the likes of Laura Wang
from Morgan Stanley talking about what's
particular what's going on in the
Asshare market here right now. So, of
course, you have this progress on US
China negotiations, but yes, we're going
to say it again, anti-involution.
>> That certainly is part of the reason why
we're seeing this rally, too.
>> The first time I heard the the
involution term reminded me remember the
dance dance revolution
>> thing a few years ago. Not more than a
few years ago. That was it. It's been a
while since
>> that was my jam.
>> That was
>> after school.
>> Didn't you buy a mat? Didn't it come
with a mat that you
>> Yeah.
>> came in a mat and you Okay.
>> Yeah. If you think about it though, it's
not they not really teaching you how to
dance. It's really just foot
coordination. If you think about it,
they had really nothing on the upper end
of the Anyway, so
uh positive init the initiative's
potential to enhance earnings growth and
roe over the next one to two years is
what Laura Wang is saying on this
specific issue. We've heard this week
from several analysts including James
Wong of UBS earlier and yesterday Wu of
BA really giving their initial take on
what this really means for the equity
market.
>> Yeah. And for Laura Wang, you know, she
says the top down signal becomes
stronger and clearer. So yes, there's a
reason to be optimistic, but you have
the likes of Winnie Woo saying look, you
got to hold your horses a little bit,
right? This is a three to five year
exercise potentially if things actually
get executed the right way, right? But
there are ways to kind of play, right?
It's the cement stocks. It's like the
infrastructure plays.
>> But food delivery, you have the likes of
James Wang saying from UBS that might
still be the negative because of what's
really going on there, right? It's not
really something about price cuts and
over capacity and whatnot. It's about
really helping merchants and the like
here, which is going to be negative for
some of these food delivery apps.
>> Yeah. So, they're excited about
everything else but that. Yeah.
According to UBS there, um let's have a
look at markets right now. So you know
obviously within the Chinese market it's
been a terrific week. Ivon is pointing
out of course best week since March
overheating signals in mainland markets.
One market that you know in fact almost
all the markets you see on your screen
specifically are exhibiting signs of
overheating. Right? I think S&PS RSI is
above 70 last I checked. Uh the NIKS
obviously had a fantastic two days.
>> Hit a record yesterday, right?
>> Who would have thought we'd be trading
at 42,000 this time last week. You know,
the the consensus was range bond until
next year until next week happened from
last week and then here we are right now
in Singapore. There we go. Record win
streak snapping that 14-day run. In
fact, on Singapore, we've never been
this high on the RSI on that. The
chart's going to show up on your
screens, right? 91 91 record high right
on the index itself. The Asia Pacific
>> for it confirmed sweat
>> confirm.
This rally's got some proper sambal on
it. Asia-Pacific, notwithstanding, also
exhibiting uh overheating signs, but
then again, overheating signs is just
another way of saying upward momentum
has been extremely strong. We're now an
80 handle on the Asia-Pacific
benchmarks. Yeah, this goes into really
the top teams we've talked about this
week.
>> Yeah. Right. I mean, this, you know, are
things looking a bit stretched in this
equity market and the like. Um, and then
there's a lot of talk about, you know,
what's been going on in the long end of
the of the yield curve, right? The
meltup that we're seeing in yields, even
in China this week. Uh, certainly this
goes to show the fiscal concerns. That
certainly is one thing. And in the US in
particular, right? I mean, the whole
question about who's going to be leading
the Fed
>> in a few months time.
>> I think we got a little bit more clarity
maybe today in that whole renovation
tour
>> on that specific issue. Yes. Yes.
>> Can we show the video though of just
kind of like the hard hats? I mean, it
was just such that exchange that was
just quite awkward at one point. Um, but
but you know, there was a part where we
we talked about Trump really maybe back
backpedaling a little bit
>> on his whole pursuit of getting rid of
Powell.
>> Yeah, that blitz strategy from all
angles,
>> flooding the zones.
>> Flooding the zones. Flooding the zones.
In fact, let's play it out so our
viewers can have a sense really of that
specific news line on uh the the Fed
chairs J uh Jay Powell's job security.
to do that is a big move and I just
don't think it's necessary and I believe
that he's going to do the right thing.
>> I believe that the chairman is going to
do the right thing. I mean it may be a
little too late as the expression goes
but I believe he's going to do the right
thing.
>> All right. So the Fed chair's job is is
is is not going to show up on LinkedIn
anytime soon. Uh Carol Lie is with us um
out out of Singapore, portfolio manager
and senior research analyst at Brandy
Wine Global. Carol, good morning. Happy
Friday morning to you. Thanks for
joining us. One of the key risks you've
highlighted in in in in one of your
reports here is, you know, the the
uncertainty around J. Powell's job. We
just heard from the US president just
now there. Uh can I take this uh can I
take this risk off this list uh for the
moment?
[Laughter]
Well, you'll never know, right? It's
trap you're dealing with. So, it is uh
it is still a risk um going forward. Um
you know, and and we have got a Fed
meeting next week. So, we'll see if uh
if Powell does and the Fed does cut
interest rates. But I mean, just looking
at the data that came in, I mean, you
have had very low claims numbers, right?
They came in yesterday. So it does show
that the job market is still somewhat uh
resilient. I mean there are other parts
of the US economy like the housing
market uh that is slowing to some extent
but uh if you just look at jobs it's not
telling you that the Fed should really
be cutting rates next week right uh
maybe two cuts you know for the rest of
the year but next week may be a bit of a
tough push. Mhm.
>> What's what's going on the long end in
particular? Right. We're talking about a
US 30-year yield that's that's getting
very close to about 5% here right now on
a lot of these fiscal concerns, right?
How much more room do you think US rates
can actually go?
I mean we we all know as you as you
pointed out right Ivan the the the
30-year reaching that 5% and I I I think
we we cannot
number of times that it has tried to
cross 5% is is is just like you know
will it really get across 5%. I mean I
think there's been three four five times
that it has tried to do so. Um to be
frank I think the fiscal issues in US uh
has somewhat passed over in that sense
because you know the one big bill has
passed and um a lot of the the the the
spending is going to be more focused on
next year. Um so we do feel that there's
quite a bit of fiscal you know risk
premium that has already been priced in
the long end. Um now next week will also
be interesting because um there will be
the refunding numbers that come in right
uh and um as we all know uh the treasury
wants to move more of the issuance to
the front end to the T bells and so that
may actually then again help you know
long and weights come off um and not
eventually cross 5% which is basically
what they want to control.
literally almost controlling New York.
>> Yeah. Of course they can't say it that
way, right? Um so, so Carol, would would
you say then that's a well two-part
question. Is 5% a good buying
opportunity on treasuries and what do
you broadly think about, you know, fixed
income strategies that have a large
exposure to uh long duration US
treasuries?
>> Right. I mean, if you look at the um I
mean, if you think about, you know, the
30-year treasuries not having been able
to sustainably get above 5%. Um and
thinking about the macro bread drop now
you know despite job you know claims
yesterday uh seemingly you know being
going lower but uh if you look at the
trend there is a trend that is seemingly
telling us that the job market is
weakening right and uh if you look at
various parts of the economy we have not
even factored in like you know how much
is tariffs and now tariff rates are now
averagely above about you know hitting
over almost 20%. Right? So that will
have an impact eventually on the US
economy um not yet seen in that. Uh so
if you look at again personal real
incomes which has really been falling in
the US um all these signs um do tell us
that perhaps we are going in for you
know US growth that's going to be weaker
below trend maybe 1ish kind of percent
and the starting point is actually 3%.
So 3% to 1% is a leap down right it's
almost like a shaving off of 2% of
growth. So there is that weakness in
growth coming up. Uh and so you know
having 30-year treasuries in a portfolio
in a fixed income portfolio from here
does make certain kind of sense right
and so there is a buying opportunity but
at the same time we are not overly
bullish on US treasuries. Why? For two
reasons. The first is that we kind of
really need a recession for treasuries
to really rally in hard. The other thing
is that we kind of need to be also quite
mindful of aflationary scenario from
here where treasuries may not benefit as
much. Like we said, you know, there is
that growth concern, but there is also
that inflation concern, right? It's not
picking up in the numbers yet because,
you know, there was tariff negotiations
that went on for two to three months.
Uh, but eventually this will start to
kick in, right? So, you're going to get
inflation that's nearer towards 3% by
the end of this year or so.
>> Carol, I have to get your take on Japan.
It was a big week this week. We've been
seeing, you know, the the 10-year yield
basically jumping to the highest since
2008. Uh on the back of this upper house
election defeat by the LDP party,
there's there's now the sort of shift or
at least people are some assuming that
there's going to be a shift more to the
right. uh this talk of more aggressive
fiscal stimulus as well. I mean what
should we be doing with JGBs at the
moment
>> right that's that is also you know
another that's really I think I think
part of the big reason why we are still
seeing you know curves that are kind of
steep across you know globally and I
think Japan has the one of the steepest
curves now the there there's really two
things here at play and the first is to
do with you know like you said like you
mentioned LDP there's going to be
changes within LDP um are they going to
move towards the more to to the right
you know is it going to be there I think
there are two to three names that up for
you know the the uh change in in in the
prime minister eventually um and if one
of them who is more fiscally
expansionary comes in then that will
also you know push up uh bond long and
bond yields as of now I think you know
um super long and if you look at the 30
years it has kind of fluctuated between
you know three to easily about you know
3.2% 2% and state somewhere around
there. So, um it it does look like some
of that is being priced in already. The
good thing is that the MOF is, you know,
very clear and they know that, you know,
they're having a you know, the investors
are not really liking um expansionary
fiscal here. So, um they are they have
already come up to say that they're
going to try reduce you know on the back
and move it more to front exactly like
what the US is doing. So that kind of
helps to keep that yields a bit kept a
bit lower. Um the other thing to think
about as well as the BOJ right because
if the BOJ starts to raise interest
rates that will also actually help to
flatten the curve um you know being the
front end goes up and like I said if
quite a bit is being priced into the
longest end already then you know it it
does look as if like you know the the
the curve will flatten um the the back
end to be frank at this kind of levels
it it definitely looks interesting
everyone knows
I mean it's it's at alltime high and we
have never seen I mean you have to
really go back what 20 years ago to just
get this kind of levels. Um domestically
I think the the domestic buyers do think
it is interesting but it's just that
they everyone's waiting for the first
buyer to step in literally and the
foreigners have been coming in because
it does look interesting right so I
would say you know at this kind of
levels it interests us we like it um but
it's all you know it comes back again to
the domestic buyers need to come in as
well to kind of support the market at
the end of the day
>> all right Carol we got to leave it there
Carol live portfolio manager and senior
research analyst at Brandy Wine Global.
Smiling through all of it. I love it. Uh
we're also speaking with the OSL CFO
Ivan Wong exclusively at the bottom of
the hour. Discuss their plans for the
fresh capital they've raised as well as
upcoming stable coin legislation here in
the city. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, to a Bloomberg scoop that just
came out a few minutes ago. We've
learned that Chinese developer country
garden has agreed to some key
restructuring terms a group of bank
creditors have demanded potentially
easing the path for an overall debt
deal. Let's bring in China credit
reporter Trista Lua with more. Uh what
does this mean overall for the
restructuring story for Country Garden
now?
>> Yeah, so right now um we know like the
company has to agree on some key terms
what those bank creditor demanded. So
and in last time's windup hearing bank
creditor actually said if the company
failed to agree on those terms it would
be a deal breakaker. So right now it's
actually good news for the overall
restructuring plan because we all know
like um the plan has already won some
support from the bond holders but it
actually need to get bank creditors on
board so that the whole plan could be
affected.
>> So what's next now in terms of the just
this long restructuring process and
what's next for the company? Yeah. So
the company actually previously previous
previously said that they expected uh
the restructuring to be effective by the
end of this year. So we will watch
closely on whether they can achieve that
goal and the next uh why not hearing
will be on August 11. So we will also
watch what will be discussed there. Um I
think that's some two key thing we are
watching on this name nowadays.
>> Yeah. I mean it's interesting with the
high court judge. We've been talking
about Linda Chen. Yeah. We've talked
about her in a while.
>> Yes. Um but she said back in May useful
and good progress. What would that
constitute?
>> I think this um you know the company
agree on this key terms ban demanded is
actually a very good progress. I think
everyone would love to see that. The
next thing is also we are waiting for
the band creditor to sign on the border
restructuring plan. I think that's the
next thing we're still watching right
now.
>> All right Trista, thank you. Our China
credit reporter Trista Law there. Uh, in
some other corporate news this morning,
Paramount shares rose in late trade
after the Federal Commission's
Communications Commission, meanwhile,
approved its merger with Sky Dance. Now,
it concludes a year-long saga that
included selling a lawsuit with
President Trump as well as concessions
on diversity initiatives and news
judgment. With backing from Redford
Capital Partners, Skidance will merge
into Paramount and make an investment of
more than $8 billion in the company. The
Financial Times is reporting that at
least1 billion dollars worth of Nvidia's
top AI chips made it into China in just
three months despite US export bans. Now
citing sales contracts, company filings
and sources, the FD says Chinese
distributors sold restricted processors
through a black market channel.
Washington has since reapproved sales of
Nvidia's H20 chip, which performs below
the restricted B200. Right, let's stay
on the broader theme of trade
agreements, but let's turn to India,
which really after three years of
intense negotiations, India has now
signed a trade agreement with the UK.
There we go. So, the deal eliminates
tariffs on products ranging from cars to
alcohol. Now, Indian Commerce Minister
Pel says that the deal is a win-win for
both countries. He also told us that he
is confident of reaching a separate
trade deal with the United States.
I've had some wonderful engagement with
my friend and colleague from the US uh
the commerce secretary Mr. Howard Lutnik
the United States trade representative
ambassador Jameson Greer are both very
dear friends and I'm sure uh we are
looking at great business with the
United States in the years to come.
you've managed to ink some really key
concessions especially on the national
insurance payments front. Are you
hearing from companies that they want to
increase investments in the UK as a
result and if so where?
>> Well, I think uh Indian business is very
excited
that we've got the free trade agreement
in place. We've got the double
contribution convention in place. uh
Indian businesses have been very bullish
on the UK and if one looks at uh the
investments flowing in from India to UK
it's tag more than the other way around.
So I think this will also encourage
greater investments because of the
stable and predictable environment
business environment. It'll also open
the doors for more robust and resilient
supply chains. It'll ensure that we can
both work as trusted partners expanding
trade in goods in services. I think
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime
Minister Keith Stmer both very clearly
recognize and articulated today that
this is a milestone and historic
achievement which will hold goodstead as
we double our trade as we grow our jobs
in both countries. It's a win-win for
both UK and India.
>> Are any big Indian conglomerates already
planning that expansion? I think we saw
for example the Bharti group become the
single largest investor in British
telecom.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh clearly a sign that there is trust
between businesses on both sides. In
fact they are also a major part of the
one web.
We are aware that many pharma companies,
many IT companies already have a
significant presence in the UK.
companies working on pesticides and
chemicals and uh very many sectors are
looking at the UK as a possible
center both for goods and for services.
>> The other talks were of course ongoing
on the bilateral investment treaty. Can
I ask what are the sticking points
remaining on that?
>> Negotations happen in the negotiating
room. We don't discuss that in the media
but I do hope we will get that also
across the hump soon
>> and are there any concerns especially
for you know Indian generics makers or
in terms of dumping from India that are
still there or have those all been
resolved? Well, in fact, uh we were
being uh wrongly
classified as a country which had any
problems with our patent and our IP
regime.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we were able to have very very uh
good discussions with the pharma
companies with all the stakeholders both
in India and in other parts of the
world.
concerns that came to our attention
which merited any change have been
addressed and which has given a big
boost to patent filing faster
clearances.
Uh in fact uh in the last 2 years we've
done nearly 160,000
patents being issued so much so that we
don't have much of a backlog left
anymore and I think we've been able to
create a trusted atmosphere with
fasttrack clearances
and uh we now have a robust intellectual
property rights chapter both with
Switzerland and with UK two countries
which always used to be at the forefront
of innovation.
>> There you go. The Indian Commerce
Minister with our colleague Ruth David
in London. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. a glance at some of
the big movers over in South Korea which
are really the big movers across the
region. Thick of earning season couple
of names on your screens. LG display not
coming up. There we are coming up right
now. Bottom of the screens out around
midday yesterday. Market seems to be
moving on this still. You had a beat on
net income. It's the biggest mover to
the upside across the Msei Asia Pacific.
Hyundai Mois of course the parts maker
and of course Kia which is of course the
other massive car maker in in Korea up
1%. Shinan Financial I believe is due
out of due out with earnings later today
if I'm not mistaken. There we go.
>> Okay. So focusing on earnings there. Uh
May one watch here. Uh so a latest
analyst uh from 86 research just cut the
stock to hold with a price target now of
114. Right. So that implies about a 15%
decrease from the last price. Uh
obviously as we've been talking about
food delivery that still remains to be
where you're seeing the most kind of
ferocious in terms of price wars in the
light there. So certainly that's one
thing to watch in the food delivery
space. Mtoan is down so one and a half%.
>> Okay, going into the thick of Friday
here. So we're looking at Asia Pacific
consolidating after what's really been a
manic few days of gains. That's led by
Japan that's been led by Korea and
separately Hong Kong. So you really have
the big markets in the region here uh
contributing their share and why we're
trading at 210 on the regional
benchmark. S&P futures are tacking on
even further at gains right now. 17
points to the upside here and uh
Singapore is snapping its record win
streak. No longer is. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets at
lunch break in just a moment. And we've
been talking about consolidation uh
overall really and we're focusing really
on what has been a pretty interesting
week in Japanese assets, right? This
breakout that we're seeing in stocks. We
saw hitting records just this week as
well, but yes, a bit of a pullback here
in Tokyo today.
>> Yeah, we've uh one of the few instances
where the word breakout doesn't mean a
bad case of acne as they say. Okay. It's
a good thing. It's a good thing. Uh I
forget who it was a few weeks back that
said, you know, we have to wait for 2026
for Japan to wake up again. But who
would have thought, right? We've had big
weekend uh in elections and of course
the trade deal which
>> Boj's coming up.
>> Yeah.
>> Really reawakened the land of the rising
sun, 42,000 uh on the Nickehot
uh market in Hong Kong for cash calls.
So we had this massive IPO. We have
another cash call of course today we're
talking about uh coming up on your
screens very shortly what China
resources power
okay okay uh we're looking at uh the
>> OSL
>> OSL that's the fintech and digital asset
company we could talk about China
resources power I guess another time big
company though still a good company so
the company raising $300 million share
sale today uh in the initial minutes of
today's session we were down 10 11% I
believe we have come a close today that
typically what what happens with price
given where you have a share sale. It
does come ahead of course of the other
parallel separate big story and major
story here in Hong Kong stable coin
legislation taking effect in Hong Kong
at the start of next month. Shares on
your screens the correct one mind you
there we go negative 10%. Joining us
here exclusively on set Ivan Wong OSL
Group CFO good morning and nice to see
you. Thanks for coming in.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> So it's quite a bit of money as we
talked about during the break. What do
you what do you guys plan to do with all
this with all this new cash now?
>> Yeah, so OSL we are the first uh digital
asset platform in Hong Kong to secure
the VATP license. Um since last year we
have been on a global expansion drive.
Uh in the past n uh six to nine months
we have acquired um four companies.
>> So part of the proceed we will continue
to um identify high quality companies
that we can acquire to help us scale our
operation. Um secondly with our global
expansion strategy our vision is to
build a global financial infrastructure
uh leveraging crypto and stable coins uh
for global payments. So um part of Pac
we will be using to apply for licenses
globally um and also build our our
global operation so that in the future
for any two points in the world our
customer our corporate clients they can
use our network to conduct fiat to fiat
transaction and crypto to to crypto
transaction or cryptoto fiat
transaction. That's the dream that we
are building.
>> You you've you say you've already made
some acquisitions. I'm just wondering
what else do you have your eyes set on?
Any targets you can tell us about? Um we
we are um we are looking for high
quality assets in the wet free space.
Companies that have license, companies
that are fully compliant and companies
that have a global operation with
substantial revenue.
>> Okay. Well, can you give us some maybe a
clue of where I know if you can't talk
the specific names of course I would
imagine that's somewhat confidential,
but what kind of assets do make sense
within your broader strategy and you
know what what ticket sizes are you
looking for as far as the deal size?
>> Got it. If if you look at our um
historical transactions, right, we have
acquired um virtual asset exchange in
Japan.
>> Yeah. um in Indonesia.
Um we have also acquired a listed
company in Canada called Bansa that have
45 license globally.
>> Um in Europe, in Canada and also in the
US. So if you look at the global network
that we are building um north America
and part of Asia, we already have the
network and the presence. So what we
need to do is that we we just need to
complete the puzzle to build a trun
global network. So what are the missing
countries? um that we are looking after
would be Vietnam for example, Thailand,
>> Turkey and also Latam given that there's
a massive trade flow between Latam and
China and
>> wow
>> the other the the the other topic that
you mentioned about is stable coins
right and stable coin has been a
>> the key use case for stable coin will be
to enable crossber payment transactions
right
>> and that's where that's why we are
building the um global payment network
>> I mean there's so much you know debate
and talk about this in Hong Kong, right?
You talk about stable coins and there's
this legislation that comes into effect
uh in just a few days, August 1st,
right? Are you applying now for a
license in Hong Kong?
>> Yeah. Um so for us, we are a digital
asset trading platform. Actually, more
than half of the transfer volume on our
platform are stable coins. So it's very
natural for us um uh to keep an eye on
the stable coin uh licensing regime,
>> not just in Hong Kong, but also
globally. for example in Europe in
Singapore as well and for sure in some
of these market when the opportunity is
right we will apply for such a license
>> including here in Hong Kong
>> I would say very likely
>> okay very the well do you get a sense
that because of what is now going to be
in place in Hong Kong do you get a sense
that other regulators in other markets
will take this as a as as a model to be
able to then follow and do their own
thing as far as stable coin legislation
is concerned
>> that's very likely actually if you look
at the virtual asset licensing regime
right Hong Kong is ahead of other
markets right
>> and so when we look at when we go out to
um overseas and apply for license a lot
of regulator they actually learning from
the Hong Kong model and I wouldn't be
surprised that um once the Hong Kong
licensing regime is out other countries
and other markets will follow
>> are are you in talks then with any other
players out there uh in this whole
sandbox that HKMA has kind of made here
on stable coin on doing any sort of
collaborations once this law comes into
effect?
>> Yep. Um for sure given that we are a um
licensed crypto exchange in Hong Kong,
right? Our exchange is a natural use
case for stable coins. So um there are
lots of discussion uh between us and
companies that have an interest to apply
for the license um uh to find ways to
work together. Very simple. they can
list our stable coin and we we can help
them to pair with um our our trading
players on the uh OSR exchange. So that
would be one key use case.
>> What do you think of the bill? Sorry,
just to backtrack in basic question.
What do you think of the bill that was
just passed that allows stable coin of
course in here in Hong Kong?
>> Well, when we look at the bill, I I
think it's really well drafted. Um and
we from when we look at the bill we we
think that the HMA has spent um a lot of
time
>> um talking to different regulators and
learning from the best practices
>> right
>> um from other countries. So from our
perspective we we we we think the bill
is a very sound um it would be a good
practice for other countries to follow.
>> Despite all these developments in Hong
Kong, it seems like we're still lacking
large foreign players. Why do you think
that is? Um that's actually not the
case. Um so because we are a global
business, we we we talk to players in
Hong Kong, we talked to players
globally, um in Southeast Asia, in the
US, um in Europe as well. Actually a lot
of the wet free companies right now
increasingly they are going to Hong Kong
and look for opportunities
>> and Hong Kong right now under the Hong
Kong government um we are pushing for
development in the wet free industry
right so that really attracts a lots of
attention um to the city
>> what what what are the missing pieces to
borrow your puzzle analogy earlier Hong
Kong's trying to create this virtual
asset ecosystem this is a major step in
that direction of
Uh, what else does Hong Kong need to do
to to complete that puzzle? Whether
that's luring more talent in what have
you. If you had if you had a wish list,
what would that be?
>> Yeah. So, there's a lot of debates about
stable coins, about virtual assets in
Hong Kong, right? Yes. Um, however, we
all need to realize that this industry
is new. Um, Hong Kong only only issues
um virtual asset license last year. So
we are actually in the year two of this
industry. Um from a regulation
perspective we understand that to be
prudent the regulation will be stricter
at the very beginning
>> and once um the the players are
operating in a fully compliant way.
Increasingly there there will be more um
relaxing in in the regulation that allow
us to offer more products to our
customers and we actually hope that
process can speed up given that we are
in year two um of our operating history.
>> China seems to be warming up to this
whole stable coin theme. Do you see
opportunities there now?
Um
uh for sure because of uh of the stable
coin builds um and because of the use
case for stable coin there are lots of
discussion about using stable coin for
crossber payment right
>> and China being a global manufacturing
hub
>> um it's very natural that um
>> um uh there are a lot of uh companies
right they are thinking about using
stable coin for global payments
>> and and that's why there's so much
debates in in the markets right now
about stable coins.
>> Um so for sure um I I I I think as the
license regime is out um on the first of
August
>> um then we we will be clear who will be
getting a license what are the use case
that they will be promoting and that
will give us a lot more clarity going
forward.
>> Fantastic.
>> Ian great to have you. Thank you. Aan
there OSL group CFO joining us. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Welcome back. So, Japan's ruling
Liberal Democratic Party lost supports
in last weekend's upper election
elections to opposition groups,
including, of course, the right-wing
populist Sensato. Now, much of that is
actually being blamed on public
frustration over inflation. Today's
Bloomberg Big Take examines Japan's
evolving political landscape.
>> Yeah, let's get to Tokyo and our
economics and government reporter
Yoshiaki Nhara. Yoshiaki, a great piece
there really. Um, and and maybe as we
think back, right, what really happened
the last couple of days? What do these
election results really tell us about
Japan?
It's showing that clearly that the
ruling liberal democratic party which
has been in power for decades in Japan
pretty much non-stop is losing some
critical grounds to upset parties
including the Sansto which is a
relatively new but populist right-wing
party. So the LDP is losing the some
conservative key conservative base to
that uprising party.
And what is the the current situation
now of of of Ishiba's premiership,
>> David? It's very fluid and it's very
uncertain and I know that's not
something that the markets tend to
appreciate. The um you know there
there's a lot of speculation that the
pressure is mounting for prime minister
to step down but prime minister is
denying all those media reports trying
to hold on to power. But remember the uh
the the ruling party is in the minority
um in both chambers which is highly um
unusual here. So you know it's it's
really difficult to say what would come
next. But one thing is certain nothing
is stable at this point.
>> And and what does that tell you about
Japan as a you know a safe haven for
investors? Is that now at risk just
given all this political uncertainty
now? Well, Ivonne that's a great
question and I think the um you know
especially after the Japan was able to
reach a trade deal with the US which
lifted some uncertainty over the
investments u environment here. I think
that now the the risk is that maybe
politically uh political establishment
here is you know unraveling a little bit
and giving up that stability that it was
that defined Japan for decades as a
haven status here but it's you know it's
hard to know that how long and how how
big this momentum is going to be toward
uncertainty but like I said it's flu
it's very fluid the situation is and We
are paying close attention to each
development. So some unstability to the
haven status, but we don't know how deep
and how long it's going to be.
>> Yoshiaki Nohara, thank you so much. Our
economics and government reporter there.
Suffice to say, strap in, get your hard
hats on for some very awkward
conversations taking place. Speaking of
those two things,
>> speaking of hard hats,
>> yeah, you might have already seen this,
but what a what an exchange with the
president, US president's visit, of
course, to the Fed. And of course, the
news flow that came out of that was, of
course, the there's no reason to fire J.
Powell at this point in time.
>> Yeah. He says it's not necessary. He's
he's toured the renovations, doesn't
think that there's grounds for firing
either. So downplaying those concerns
>> until
>> and when he mentioned tension, no
tension, he said,
>> you decide. Yeah.
So, we're taking a look and uh it looks
like it's about 3.1 billion. It went up
a little bit or a lot. Uh so, the 2.7 is
now 3.1.
>> I'm not aware of that.
>> Yeah, it just came out.
>> Yeah, I haven't heard that from anybody.
The Fed.
>> It just came out.
>> Our notes had about 3.1 as well.
>> 3.1 3.2.
>> This came from us.
>> Yes. I don't know who does that.
>> You're including the Martin renovation.
You just added
>> our entire capital.
>> You just said you just added in a third
building is what that is. That's a third
building.
>> It's a building that's being built.
>> No, it's been it was built 5 years ago.
We finished Martin 5 years ago.
>> It's part of the overall work.
>> It's not new.
>> So, we're going to take a look. We're
going to see what's happening. Uh, and
it's got a long way. Do you expect any
more additional crossover runs?
>> Don't expect them. Uh we're we're ready
for them, but we we have a little bit of
a reserve that we we may use, but no, we
don't expect to be finished in 2027.
Um we're well along as you can see.
>> You remember your you watch Friends,
right? remember that scene where the the
Ros's dad at the wedding had this big
argument with I think the parents of
Emily who was was marry in London and
they had this big debate over who was
going to pay for the renovations at
their house
>> and then he was like oh I'm not paying
for your renovation that that seems to
be that that's given me those those
vibes
>> I thought you were going to go pivot
>> pivot cut rains pivot
that that since you bring it up
>> we can always find friends analogies
with everything we talk about okay uh
speaking of Well, we're going to talk
more about something else now.
Completely different.
>> Yeah.
>> Talk about football. Why not?
>> Kicking the can down the road. Uh yeah.
Uh Liverpool's in town.
>> Yeah.
>> And this conversation we had with yours
truly.
>> There we go. Uh coming up very shortly.
Stay tuned for that. What a handsome
fellow.
[Music]
Right. English Premier League champions
Liverpool FC are in town. They have a
series well they have match of course
coming through this weekend against AC
Milan. We sat down of course with the
CEO to talk us through what's going on
on the pitch, off the pitch, their new
partnerships and of course the tragic
incident very recently of the uh their
star player Joa and his brother. We
spoke exclusively with Billy Hogan.
>> Obviously, it's been unbelievably
difficult last couple of weeks um since
uh Diego and Andre's passing. Um
obviously devastating for all of us at
the club, even more so of course for his
family. Um, and so, you know, we're here
in in Asia on on tour, but we're
obviously staying in touch with the
family and um, we'll be uh remembering
both Dio and Andre uh before the matches
while we're here in Asia and then of
course when we get back to the UK um,
and talking to the family also about a
more permanent tribute that uh, that we
will have uh, in time at uh, at Anfield
as well. But just devastating of course
and um, you know, just tragically sad.
He was just a obviously a really gifted
footballer but uh a terrific person and
um he's deeply missed.
>> There's never going to be a a perfect
segue from something as tragic as this I
guess to the point just to underscore
certainly big shoes to fill on the
field. And that takes us into really
what's been also busy on your end this
recent weeks. the transfer window's
quite been busy and you guys I think
what's stood out to many of the fans and
many people who follow the club all over
the world is suddenly the financial
resources are there to be able to
bolster the club on the pitch. If give
us a sense of what's changed and why
suddenly
why suddenly this big you know just the
massive amount of activity in this
transfer window. you know, there was uh
there was equal noise last summer in the
fact that we didn't spend very much. Um
and so uh look, our our perspective is
that we're always trying to improve the
squad. That's the most important thing
that that we can do. Um certainly from a
football perspective, the focus is on
competing, winning trophies, um putting
the club in the best possible position
to do that.
There's always been, let's put, because
of the business you're in, the
speculation of the commitment of the
owners,
>> longerterm commitment of the owners to
the club,
>> and I wonder if you could comment on
that.
>> You winning the Premier League, having
uh, you know, won a number of trophies
over the course of the last seven or
eight seasons um, has proved positive
that we're going in the right direction,
but there's absolute commitment from
ownership.
>> Yeah. Well, that's a good reminder for
me to not not follow certain punditry.
Let's put it that way. Well, I think the
Do you think the amount of money that's
been committed to bolstering the
capacities of the team on the field,
should that address some of those
concerns?
>> Sometimes those investments look
outsized in relation to other uh
transfer windows, but again, it's all
done from a strategic standpoint. Um,
and it's always done from the standpoint
of trying to do what's best for the club
at the end of the day, what's best for
the club in the near term and what's
best for the club in the long term.
>> Now, let's talk about the business
>> priorities this year. Let's talk about
the next 12 months. What do you want to
see?
>> Um, I would say on the business side,
sort of more of the same. Um, the retail
side of our business is growing
exponentially. Uh, we're just about to
open our 20th standalone retail store,
which is more standalone retail stores
than any team in the world of sports.
And we're partners with all-star
partners here in Hong Kong and across
China.
>> How far along are you in the planning
there in terms of in terms of the Japan
store, by the It's it's something that
from our perspective and we look at each
individual market uh based on its merits
and in the case of Japan um we have a
significant following there um and so
really it's about finding the right
partner
>> the future of streaming I want to get
your sense of of how you're looking at
that as an opportunity is that something
that's feasible right now within your
within the near future
>> so from our perspective I mean the
ultimately the Premier League controls
all of the all the broadcast right
what's the hope what's the hope
>> yeah so I think Look, this is we're in
an evolving media market. Clearly, we'll
see that over the course of the next uh
I would say decade or so as the as the
media continues to shift from um what
was previously sort of linear to now
what is more of a of a streaming concept
as well
>> in terms of the you know the the
transition from club
>> to AR has it you know that could not
have gone better and so the question I
have is and this is something that a lot
of CEOs deal with
>> in terms of succession planning you know
how do I replace a top performer
>> with another top performer.
>> Any advice on on on on how to be able to
do that?
>> Part of that is about planning. Part of
that is about strategy and part of that
is having the time to get the right
people in place. Being a manager, head
coach of a football uh team is a little
bit difficult is a little bit more
difficult because typically you don't
have that runup. Um but in our case, we
obviously did and as you said, it it
couldn't have gone better.
Yeah, Billy Hogan there, the Liverpool
Football Club CEO speaking to us
exclusively. Certainly the one of the
items in the agenda. Multi multitude of
items of course this weekend.
>> Lots to do this weekend, right? So
there's the match with AC Milan. Could
it be another repeat of what we saw in
2005? That final
>> that we saw in the Champions League. So
that certainly is one to watch. If
you're not a football fan, hey, we got
AI, right? World AI conference in
Shanghai, the biggest one uh in China.
So, that's certainly one thing to watch.
And any signs of any sort of new
breakthroughs, new technologies, new
innovation. We're going to be getting
more of that with Bell there over the
weekend. And yeah, also there's a recall
election in Taiwan there as well.
>> Yeah. So, if you're not fans of domestic
conversations in Taiwan, technology,
football, uh you might want to tune in
for the streak of industrial profits
coming out on Sunday in China. And when
you look at certainly what's coming out
there is really a symptom of underlying
price pressure. So that we'll get an
update of that on Sunday and of course
it goes into next week where we have big
Fed conversations, big monetary policy
meetings and of course in China's case
it's the PMI numbers coming out as well.
Now just one last note on the world AI
conference markets are moving ahead of
that already.
>> Yeah, you take a look some of these
application stocks, right? So certainly
there's some anticipation and maybe
we'll get some more news or something
there, right? And they are all rallying
right now quite substantially, right?
Cloud walk technology for example up
close to 10% here. So uh yeah, what's
going to be that next kind of deepseat
moment in China? That certainly is going
to be the key question as we embark on
WIC in Shanghai. That's it for us here
in the China show. China market is going
to lunch break in just about 30 minutes.
Stay with us.
[Music]